[Music]
hi this is ninka bloom your cx educator
and it's early in the morning here
that's why it's still a little bit dark
and i'm taping this for my cx eye opener
of the month and for me it's something i
knew a long time but it didn't have
a name a phrase a concept of framing
so
in my life especially as a cx leader
many times i try to explain to others
what the situation on customers was or
well right now what others may be how
you can be a better leader
and i try to explain and i try to use
examples
but still people especially when i look
at customer experience and leaders
it's been very difficult so what we did
especially for example in my
kpn
time where i was a cx leader at kpm
9 million
customers and nine thousand employees we
really worked on
uh having others
go visit customers and it sounds so easy
so they could really see and experience
themselves what customers were saying
and it would get them intrinsically
motivating
i see that now with my leaders where i
have them
present their seeing stories because
what is the story you're telling within
organizations where you engage others
and you can talk about it but it's
different when you do it and
what i learned this month is that this
has a concept name
it's
very important for me it was this aha
mode it's called tripping over the truth
how to let others trip over the truth
and of course i trip over the truth
myself
more than once um
it's these moments that you have this
aha moment uh where you go into the gym
uh and and you finally something that
you thought was very difficult and
suddenly it doesn't seem so you have to
trip over the truth others can say it's
it's simple or easy but you have to trip
over the truth this is something a
concept that we as cx leaders should use
much more often instead of telling
convincing others
think about these
structures ways that others can find out
and trip over the truth themselves this
means that we give not the solutions but
we let others find out what the problems
are that way they're more interested in
engaging in the solutions that's my idea
let others trip over the truth
i'm curious what he thought do you have
examples where you let other strip of
the truth or where you tripped over the
truth let me know in the comments very
curious and for now have a fabulous day
bye
[Music]